Charlie shows up at Em's door, duffel bag in one hand, a crate of files in the other.

"Damn, I missed you," Charlie laughs, tackling Emily and sitting on her. "You and your grimace and your stupid hair." And Charlie ruffles her hair and kisses her on the temple, quick and annoying like, just a slobbery smack of lips on the forehead.

"Buy me dinner, now," he says then, standing up and offering her a hand.

"Okay?" Em blinks and slowly nods her head. Really, she can't think of anything else to do.

The next day, Emily wakes up with a cup of coffee on her nightstand and ice cold feet pressing hard into her knee under the covers. 

"Damn, I missed you," Charlie says, tackling Emily and sitting on her. "You and your scowl and your stupid laugh." And Charlie kisses her, quick and really annoying like, just a brush of lips on the forehead.
"Buy me dinner, now," she says then, hopping up and holding out a hand.
"Okay?" Emily blinks and slowly nods her head. Really, she can't think of anything else to do.
The next day, Charlie wakes Emily up with a cup of coffee in one hand and her ice cold feet pressing hard into Emily's knee under the covers. "Slide over," she says, sliding under the blankets and nudging Emily over carefully. "It's fucking freezing in here. Have you not heard about that thing they call a heater?"
She hands Emily the cup of coffee and stretches big, back popping and joints cracking loudly. Emily stares at her over the rim of the cup.
"Your bed is awesome," she says, curling down and stealing Emily's pillow. "Awesome. But your couch is pure evil." Charlie closes her eyes, half-smile on her face. Emily drinks her coffee and watches her sleep for an hour before poking her in the stomach and kicking her out of bed.
"Out, asshole." Emily says, and okay, even Emily can admit that maybe some of the threat is lost after an hour of almost cuddling, but whatever.
Charlie flips her off from where she's lying on the floor. "You're shopping with me today. Don't even try to get out of it."
She rolls up off the floor and Emily's pretty sure she hears the cackle of laughter from the bathroom.

At first the whole thing is weird because this is Tegan and weird is generally considered Tegan's default. She does things differently, her own way, and it's not Sara's way. Sara ends up bitching about the wet towels on the bathroom floor and the weird flavored teas stacked in all her cupboards and her sad, empty refrigerator, but still, it's Tegan and so she can't really be all that pissed.
At night, they watch tv together and Tegan's got an opinion about everything. Sara's pretty sure that it's the exact opposite of Sara's opinion on purpose, but she can't prove anything. They spend an hour debating Claire versus Peter and who can kick whose ass, and Tegan won't fucking shut up until Sara stomps out of the room, slamming her door shut and barricading herself in, promising herself over and over until 2 am that she will never again watch Heroes with Tegan.
At least until next week.
Sara figures that at some point, she probably should ask why Tegan's here or, even better, why Tegan has apparently decided to move in with her. Because after that first week, Tegan suddenly starts buying things: the exceptionally lame poster of Santana that she hangs on the living room wall (Santana? Sara asked. What the fuck? And Tegan said, Dude, one of the best guitarists of all fucking time, and that's pretty much the end of the entire debate.), and a crock pot (which Sara still hasn't figured out. What the fuck are either of them going to do with a crock pot?) and something that looks like a shower caddy but with weird bars and little cubby hole things, and a place for batteries that Sara's actually afraid to investigate too closely.
The tiny spare bedroom is packed with Tegan's stuff, extra guitar cases and piles of clothes and a bowl of guitar picks and a huge stack of magazines. Sara can't even remember what the color the carpet is; although, to be fair, she's not sure she knew that before Tegan destroyed the place.